water water water
water water fire
water water grass
water water electric
water water rock
water water flying
water fire water
water fire fire
water fire grass
water fire electric
water fire rock
water fire flying
water grass water
water grass fire
water grass grass
water grass electric
water grass rock
water grass flying
water electric water
water electric fire
water electric grass
water electric electric
water electric rock
water electric flying
water rock water
water rock fire
water rock grass
water rock electric
water rock rock
water rock flying
water flying water
water flying fire
water flying grass
water flying electric
water flying rock
water flying flying
fire water water
fire water fire
fire water grass
fire water electric
fire water rock
fire water flying
fire fire water
fire fire fire
fire fire grass
fire fire electric
fire fire rock
fire fire flying
fire grass water
fire grass fire
fire grass grass
fire grass electric
fire grass rock
fire grass flying
fire electric water
fire electric fire
fire electric grass
fire electric electric
fire electric rock
fire electric flying
fire rock water
fire rock fire
fire rock grass
fire rock electric
fire rock rock
fire rock flying
fire flying water
fire flying fire
fire flying grass
fire flying electric
fire flying rock
fire flying flying
grass water water
grass water fire
grass water grass
grass water electric
grass water rock
grass water flying
grass fire water
grass fire fire
grass fire grass
grass fire electric
grass fire rock
grass fire flying
grass grass water
grass grass fire
grass grass grass
grass grass electric
grass grass rock
grass grass flying
grass electric water
grass electric fire
grass electric grass
grass electric electric
grass electric rock
grass electric flying
grass rock water
grass rock fire
grass rock grass
grass rock electric
grass rock rock
grass rock flying
grass flying water
grass flying fire
grass flying grass
grass flying electric
grass flying rock
grass flying flying
electric water water
electric water fire
electric water grass
electric water electric
electric water rock
electric water flying
electric fire water
electric fire fire
electric fire grass
electric fire electric
electric fire rock
electric fire flying
electric grass water
electric grass fire
electric grass grass
electric grass electric
electric grass rock
electric grass flying
electric electric water
electric electric fire
electric electric grass
electric electric electric
electric electric rock
electric electric flying
electric rock water
electric rock fire
electric rock grass
electric rock electric
electric rock rock
electric rock flying
electric flying water
electric flying fire
electric flying grass
electric flying electric
electric flying rock
electric flying flying
rock water water
rock water fire
rock water grass
rock water electric
rock water rock
rock water flying
rock fire water
rock fire fire
rock fire grass
rock fire electric
rock fire rock
rock fire flying
rock grass water
rock grass fire
rock grass grass
rock grass electric
rock grass rock
rock grass flying
rock electric water
rock electric fire
rock electric grass
rock electric electric
rock electric rock
rock electric flying
rock rock water
rock rock fire
rock rock grass
rock rock electric
rock rock rock
rock rock flying
rock flying water
rock flying fire
rock flying grass
rock flying electric
rock flying rock
rock flying flying
flying water water
flying water fire
flying water grass
flying water electric
flying water rock
flying water flying
flying fire water
flying fire fire
flying fire grass
flying fire electric
flying fire rock
flying fire flying
flying grass water
flying grass fire
flying grass grass
flying grass electric
flying grass rock
flying grass flying
flying electric water
flying electric fire
flying electric grass
flying electric electric
flying electric rock
flying electric flying
flying rock water
flying rock fire
flying rock grass
flying rock electric
flying rock rock
flying rock flying
flying flying water
flying flying fire
flying flying grass
flying flying electric
flying flying rock
flying flying flying
